[Applause]
how'd you like to come and see the world
with me you mean it is my absolute honor
to introduce to you the first ever world
Grand Prix gal McQueen
[Applause]
[Music]
we see it the race yes you will see
Francesco like this
he is so getting beat tomorrow
these Americans of Lille master spice
this cannot be to see America look at
ladies mater's Fanta get funky extremely
done a trim Finn McMissile British
intelligence no mate average
intelligence McQueen and Francesco tool
for that inside line as they head toward
the first turn lightning McQueen's and
Knox win the race instead of saying as a
child he's gonna go kaboom but we need
your help mater you know I'm just a tow
truck
it's his cover brilliant am I missing
something no one realizes they're being
fooled because they're too busy laughing
at the fool that how you see me that's
how everyone sees you isn't that the
idea popemobile cat don't you clear it
off you got to get it
gone crazy
it's the American spy
Gatling gun request acknowledged
technology deploying shoot
bite me a German drunk quest
acknowledged check it out I'm wearing
mater Hoosier make me a monster truck
request acknowledged
you
[Music]